No.
You know where cambodia is?
I must admit,
when i learned that we were calling there on our trip,
well,
i had to look it up on a map.
No.
And i've found that it's located in southeast asia.
Don't ask me what they call this game again.
Even pronounce it.
It looks difficult to play,
doesn't well.
Me.
Just a zeon.
Every other country leaving school is about the best part of the day.
But the arrival home is quite different from ours.
No russian inside to raid the biscuit tin simply.
Meet my friends.
And from first thing the boys do is to check on their pets
once again.
Why did from from my house,
okay.
No.
Him.
You know,
it's not so different from home with that before play time.
Some chores.
The car has to be loaded with rice plants or right shooters they call,
then off to the fields.
Sure it takes you quite a while to get way.
Want to go?
But the water buffalo was strong and dependable.
With stubble.
Rice is a very important item in cambodia as his sugar and
rubber,
and here the neighbor's air bomb and prom working in the rice paddies.
It's very hard work.
Rice has to be planted underwater.
Hi dried it myself.
But all i did was get wet,
freed and a back.
Today,
a very special day for our two friends,
so maybe they're working a little harder than usual.
Sooner the job's done,
the sooner they can be.
No.
I suppose when you go off to play you,
why the war?
Right?
A baikal,
maybe wrong escape.
But here in encore.
What?
Once again,
they do things differently.
See what i mean?
I told you earlier.
Special day for armand prom.
So it is.
They're on their way to visit the temple of angkor wat.
This,
along with palaces and monuments.
It was built by the kind of warrior kings more than one thousand years ago.
It's only within the last century that the rooms were rediscovered,
and they're still in the process of being restored to their former magnificence.
Apart from the opportunity of visiting the temple,
there's yet another reason for the boy's excitement.
No.
And here it is in their beautiful costumes of red and gold,
we see the fame royal palace dancers.
Look.
Look,
okay?
Okay.
No.
I'm sure arm and prom would be quite happy
to stay until the dance is finished.
What?
Unfortunately,
it's getting late,
and i know what these two elephants who have decided it's time for dinner.
For arm and prom.
You and me.
I'm sure you'll agree.
It's being quite a day in cambodia.
All right?